Sam Nakis
Algorithm - Assignment 4


Problem:
        Creating a calculator with options that users can pick from.


Input:
The user will input which numbers they want the calculator to use.


Output:
The program will output the solution using the option the user selected and the numbers they gave.


Step-by-Step Solution:
1. After #include <iostream> and before int main()
2. Declare the input function
   1. Return type of double
   2. Both variables in the parameters have type double
   3. Use the & symbol for pass-by-reference
1. Declare the addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division functions
   1. Return type of double
   2. Both variables in the parameters have type double
1. Declare the modulus function
   1. Return type of integer
   2. Both variables in the parameters have type integer
1. Put int main() to begin the program body
2. Print a welcome message for the calculator
3. Skip two lines
4. Declare and initialize variables for x, y, answer, (type double) and choice (type integer)
5. Begin a do-while loop
6. Print out the messages with the calculator options skipping lines in between each
7. Prompt the user to enter their calculator setting choice
8. Skip a line
9. Write an if and else if statements for the calculator options
   1. In each, run the input function and whichever function corresponds with that calculator option
1. If the choice is to end the program, display a thank you message
2. Make an else statement that prompts the user to enter a valid selection if they do not choose a number between 1 and 6
3. End the do-while loop unless the choice is equal to 6 (which quits the program)
4. End the body of the function with return 0; and a closed curly brace }
5. Copy the function declarations and remove the semicolon at the end of each line
6. For the input function, prompt the user to enter the numbers they want to use, skipping a line in between
7. For each calculator option function
   1. Declare variable answer and initialize to 0
   2. State the operation with the corresponding variables (ex: answer = x + y)
   3. Print out a statement with the mathematical function including the answer and the numbers the user entered (ex: 5+3 = 8)
   4. For the division and modulus options
      1. Create an if statement that prompts the user to enter a new value if they enter 0 for the second number
         1. The else statement is just carrying out the function like normal